README.md, before:

# Hello, reader!
This is the main storage of [www.knigopis.com](http://www.knigopis.com) - the registry of read books.
To add your book use www-site. All changes are committed and synchronized with this git repository.
Do not use pull requests to make changes here.


## Latest books with notes
* Неуловимый Хабба Хен ~ [sad little panda](users/188/1882525281990290-facebook)<sup>36</sup>
    > 2 Хроники Ехо 3

* Двойняшки ~ [Saamy](users/115/115226508-vkontakte)<sup>26</sup>
    > очень милая, легкая, подростковая книга про двух девочек-близняшек. После "В ожидании варваров" читается простовато, но это не её минус

* В ожидании варваров ~ [Saamy](users/115/115226508-vkontakte)<sup>25</sup>
    > Книга специфичная и тяжелая, но в ней определенно есть смысл. Не жалею о прочтении, хотя одолевала я её долго

* Марк Льюис ~ [Saamy](users/115/115226508-vkontakte)<sup>24</sup>

* ФФ: За периметром черной полосы ~ [sad little panda](users/188/1882525281990290-facebook)<sup>35</sup>

* Библиотека душ ~ [Mad Wolf](users/947/94738840-vkontakte)<sup>121</sup>

* Темные горизонты ~ [Mad Wolf](users/947/94738840-vkontakte)<sup>120</sup>

* Пропавшие в раю ~ [Mad Wolf](users/947/94738840-vkontakte)<sup>119</sup>

* Узкая колея нашего детства ~ [Mad Wolf](users/947/94738840-vkontakte)<sup>118</sup>

* Вниз, в темноту ~ [Mad Wolf](users/947/94738840-vkontakte)<sup>117</sup>


_More notes [here](latest_books_with_notes.md)._


## Latest users
[exulted](users/100/100599204551896265722-google)<sup>48</sup> 
[RainyMorning](users/100/100779836483978880031-google)<sup>0</sup> 
[HXT](users/100/100002563462782-facebook)<sup>275</sup> 
[Frankenstein](users/791/79123726-vkontakte)<sup>0</sup> 
[EsterHani](users/305/30558181-vkontakte)<sup>128</sup> 
[Janet](users/108/108113656204404967440-google)<sup>592</sup> 
[creepy the creep](users/765/76561198074910028-steam)<sup>1</sup> 
[altagona](users/173/17345048-vkontakte)<sup>0</sup> 
[Rainbow](users/109/109787328219839805802-google)<sup>31</sup> 
[sad little panda](users/188/1882525281990290-facebook)<sup>36</sup> 
[Saamy](users/115/115226508-vkontakte)<sup>26</sup> 
[juliaaorlova](users/159/159437508-vkontakte)<sup>0</sup> 
[Irina](users/113/113960663475359392680-google)<sup>0</sup> 
[miracolo_bella](users/180/180139283-vkontakte)<sup>55</sup> 
[Mad Wolf](users/947/94738840-vkontakte)<sup>123</sup> 
[geyski](users/221/221959664-vkontakte)<sup>136</sup> 
[happy racoon](users/111/111457946792566623164-google)<sup>1</sup> 
[Annascor](users/103/103601326114648384406-google)<sup>0</sup> 
[AlexeyNovikov](users/170/170278332-vkontakte)<sup>40</sup> 
[coltranejohnson](users/330/330150317-vkontakte)<sup>0</sup> 
[Chiffi](users/105/105831994080785626680-google)<sup>35</sup> 
[Eji_tyan](users/235/2352103981-twitter)<sup>33</sup> 
[Sky](users/118/118049897850017649660-google)<sup>43</sup> 
[International master](users/741/74140988-vkontakte)<sup>84</sup> 
[Sofie](users/485/48568611-vkontakte)<sup>83</sup> 
[darb_el](users/184/184135339-vkontakte)<sup>4</sup> 
[Ник Литвинов](users/241/241974816-vkontakte)<sup>128</sup> 
[RMAsemargl](users/117/117414656376251989959-google)<sup>6</sup> 
[cold___coffee](users/133/133246162-vkontakte)<sup>1</sup> 
[JoannaSnow](users/700/700734347037442048-twitter)<sup>1</sup> 


_06.11.2017 20:08:04_

Commit message:

Added book 'Separation and Its Discontents: Toward an Evolutionary Theory of Anti-Semitism' by 'exulted'

README.md, after:

# Hello, reader!
This is the main storage of [www.knigopis.com](http://www.knigopis.com) - the registry of read books.
To add your book use www-site. All changes are committed and synchronized with this git repository.
Do not use pull requests to make changes here.


## Latest books with notes
* Separation and Its Discontents: Toward an Evolutionary Theory of Anti-Semitism ~ [exulted](users/100/100599204551896265722-google)<sup>49</sup>
    > Kindle
    > ASIN: B00HPBZZCA

* Неуловимый Хабба Хен ~ [sad little panda](users/188/1882525281990290-facebook)<sup>36</sup>
    > 2 Хроники Ехо 3

* Двойняшки ~ [Saamy](users/115/115226508-vkontakte)<sup>26</sup>
    > очень милая, легкая, подростковая книга про двух девочек-близняшек. После "В ожидании варваров" читается простовато, но это не её минус

* В ожидании варваров ~ [Saamy](users/115/115226508-vkontakte)<sup>25</sup>

* Марк Льюис ~ [Saamy](users/115/115226508-vkontakte)<sup>24</sup>

* ФФ: За периметром черной полосы ~ [sad little panda](users/188/1882525281990290-facebook)<sup>35</sup>

* Библиотека душ ~ [Mad Wolf](users/947/94738840-vkontakte)<sup>121</sup>

* Темные горизонты ~ [Mad Wolf](users/947/94738840-vkontakte)<sup>120</sup>

* Пропавшие в раю ~ [Mad Wolf](users/947/94738840-vkontakte)<sup>119</sup>

* Узкая колея нашего детства ~ [Mad Wolf](users/947/94738840-vkontakte)<sup>118</sup>


_More notes [here](latest_books_with_notes.md)._


## Latest users
[exulted](users/100/100599204551896265722-google)<sup>49</sup> 
[RainyMorning](users/100/100779836483978880031-google)<sup>0</sup> 
[HXT](users/100/100002563462782-facebook)<sup>275</sup> 
[Frankenstein](users/791/79123726-vkontakte)<sup>0</sup> 
[EsterHani](users/305/30558181-vkontakte)<sup>128</sup> 
[Janet](users/108/108113656204404967440-google)<sup>592</sup> 
[creepy the creep](users/765/76561198074910028-steam)<sup>1</sup> 
[altagona](users/173/17345048-vkontakte)<sup>0</sup> 
[Rainbow](users/109/109787328219839805802-google)<sup>31</sup> 
[sad little panda](users/188/1882525281990290-facebook)<sup>36</sup> 
[Saamy](users/115/115226508-vkontakte)<sup>26</sup> 
[juliaaorlova](users/159/159437508-vkontakte)<sup>0</sup> 
[Irina](users/113/113960663475359392680-google)<sup>0</sup> 
[miracolo_bella](users/180/180139283-vkontakte)<sup>55</sup> 
[Mad Wolf](users/947/94738840-vkontakte)<sup>123</sup> 
[geyski](users/221/221959664-vkontakte)<sup>136</sup> 
[happy racoon](users/111/111457946792566623164-google)<sup>1</sup> 
[Annascor](users/103/103601326114648384406-google)<sup>0</sup> 
[AlexeyNovikov](users/170/170278332-vkontakte)<sup>40</sup> 
[coltranejohnson](users/330/330150317-vkontakte)<sup>0</sup> 
[Chiffi](users/105/105831994080785626680-google)<sup>35</sup> 
[Eji_tyan](users/235/2352103981-twitter)<sup>33</sup> 
[Sky](users/118/118049897850017649660-google)<sup>43</sup> 
[International master](users/741/74140988-vkontakte)<sup>84</sup> 
[Sofie](users/485/48568611-vkontakte)<sup>83</sup> 
[darb_el](users/184/184135339-vkontakte)<sup>4</sup> 
[Ник Литвинов](users/241/241974816-vkontakte)<sup>128</sup> 
[RMAsemargl](users/117/117414656376251989959-google)<sup>6</sup> 
[cold___coffee](users/133/133246162-vkontakte)<sup>1</sup> 
[JoannaSnow](users/700/700734347037442048-twitter)<sup>1</sup> 


_06.11.2017 20:10:55_
