users/100/100599204551896265722-google/README.md, before:

# Список прочитанных книг пользователя exulted<sup>48</sup>
---

## 2017

### Don't Just Roll The Dice - A usefully short guide to software pricing
Neil Davidson
> [2017-08-22] Kindle
> ASIN: B003XVYKRW


### Как преодолеть кризисы, или Психология современного школьника
Чуднявцев Сергей
> [2017-08-06] 


### The Silent Oligarch
Christopher Morgan Jones
> [2017-08-04] ASIN: B005ERIRWM


### Война в Арктике. 1941—1945
Корякин Владислав
> [2017-07-15] ISBN: 978-5-4444-8419-7


### Книга для родителей
Макаренко Антон Семенович
> [2017-07-05] 


### Grit: The Power of Passion and Perseverance
Angela Duckworth
> [2017-06-30] ASIN: B019CGY2ZG


### Летоисчисление от Иоанна
Иванов Алексей
> [2017-06-27] 


### State of Fear
Michael Crichton
> [2017-06-25] ASIN: B000FC2NQW


### Buying and Selling Volatility (Frontiers in Finance Series)
Kevin B. Connolly
> [2017-06-10] ASIN: B001CJW7ZY


### The Culture of Critique: An Evolutionary Analysis of Jewish Involvement in Twentieth-Century Intellectual and Political Movements
Kevin MacDonald
> [2017-06-06] ASIN: B00BA5AAPY


### Китаец
Колесов Евгений
> [2017-05-21] Литрес ISBN: 978-5-699-94067-7


### Quantitative Finance For Dummies
Steve Bell
> [2017-05-01] ASIN: B01GXZUXPC


### Десантно-штурмовая бригада. Непридуманный Афган
Шейнин Артем
> [2017-03-21] 


### Сердце Пармы
Иванов Алексей
> [2017-03-19] литрес


### Reich of the Black Sun: Nazi Secret Weapons and the Cold War Allied Legend
Joseph P. Farrell
> [2017-03-01] ASIN: B00F55BWBG


### The Sea Wolves: A History of the Vikings
Lars Brownworth
> [2017-02-11] ASIN: B00QJ29DPQ


### Savage Continent: Europe in the Aftermath of World War II
Keith Lowe
> [2017-02-04] ASIN: B006ZL9C8E


### Между Европой и Азией. История Российского государства. Семнадцатый век.
Акунин Борис
> [2017-01-15] ISBN: 978-5-17-082554-7


### Я была на войне
Матвеева Мария Ивановна
> [2017-01-05] http://militera.lib.ru/memo/russian/altunin_at/index.html


### Systematic Trading
Robert Carver
> [2017-01-05] ISBN 9780857194459



## 2016

### Лестница в небо
Хазин Михаил, Щеглов Сергей
> [2016-12-20] 


### Hammer of the Gods: The Thule Society and the Birth of Nazism
David Lurhssen
> [2016-11-27] ASIN: B007MCWHYQ


### Pre-Suasion: A Revolutionary Way to Influence and Persuade
Robert Cialdini
> [2016-10-05] ASIN: B01C36E2YS


### 1924: The Year That Made Hitler
Peter Ross Range
> [2016-09-12] ASIN: B014DUSJ4G


### Гумилев сын Гумилева
Беляков Сергей
> [2016-09-02] ISBN: 978-5-17-077567-5


### Capital
John Lanchester
> [2016-08-09] Kindle ASIN: B0071LQMMG


### Кукловоды Третьего рейха
Шамбаров Валерий
> [2016-08-01] ISBN: 978-5-906817-00-6


### Project Management Absolute Beginner's Guide
Greg Horine
> [2016-07-23] Kindle ASIN: B009R6OY8W


### The Caduceus and the Swastika
Stephen Hacker
> [2016-07-20] Kindle ASIN: B01CGQN8NQ


### Жили-были на войне
Кузнецов Исай
> [2016-07-15] Litres ISBN: 978-5-17-090082-4


### The Secret of Our Success: How Culture Is Driving Human Evolution, Domesticating Our Species, and Making Us Smarter
Joseph Henrich
> [2016-07-11] Kindle ASIN: B00WY4OXAS


### Дожить до рассвета; Сотников; Обелиск; Журавлиный крик; Знак беды (сборник)
Быков Василь
> [2016-07-09] Litres ISBN: 978-5-699-40982-2


### Маги в Кремле, или Оккультные корни Октябрьской революции
Шамбаров Валерий
> [2016-07-02] Litres ISBN: 978-5-4438-0222-0


### Моонзунд 1941. «Русский солдат сражается упорно и храбро…»
Булдыгин Сергей
> [2016-06-22] Litres ISBN: 978-5-699-68271-3


### Algorithmic Trading: Winning Strategies and Their Rationale
Ernie Chan
> [2016-06-21] Kindle ASIN: B00CY5HC0U


### Тень Мазепы. Украинская нация в эпоху Гоголя
Беляков Сергей
> [2016-06-07] Litres ISBN: 978-5-17-095829-0


### Zero Sum (Wall Street Conspiracy Thriller) (Dr. Archer/Cross Book 1)
Russell Blake
> [2016-06-06] Kindle ASIN: B005OAHNZQ


### Понедельник начинается в субботу
Стругацкие Аркадий и Борис
> [2016-05-26] ISBN: 978-5-17-041678-3


### Биржевая торговля. Игра по собственным правилам
Кургузкин Александр
> [2016-05-10] 


### На критических углах
Михайлов Виктор
> [2016-04-30] 


### Microsoft .NET - Architecting Applications for the Enterprise (Developer Reference)
Dino Esposito, Andrea Saltarello
> [2016-04-24] Kindle ASIN: B00N3YID8Q


### Traitor's Gate (Traitors)
Michael Ridpath
> [2016-04-17] Kindle ASIN: B00AUZT2UE


### Artificial Intelligence for Humans, Volume 3: Deep Learning and Neural Networks
Jeff Heaton
> [2016-04-09] Kindle ASIN: B0184WRDEQ


### Тайная опора. Привязанность в жизни ребенка
Петрановская Людмила
> [2016-03-28] литрес, ISBN 978-5-17-084861-4


### The Essential Guide to Digital Signal Processing (Essential Guide Series)
Richard G. Lyons, D. Lee Fugal
> [2016-02-01] Kindle ASIN: B00KCOUE46


### The World America Made
Robert Kagan
> [2016-02-01] Kindle ASIN: B006OI1M36


### Воспоминания о войне
Никулин Николай Николаевич
> [2016-01-31] ISBN 978-5-17-082536-3


### Если с ребенком трудно
Петрановская Людмила
> [2016-01-05] Литрес ISBN: 978-5-17-077879-9

Commit message:

Added book 'Separation and Its Discontents: Toward an Evolutionary Theory of Anti-Semitism' by 'exulted'

users/100/100599204551896265722-google/README.md, after:

# Список прочитанных книг пользователя exulted<sup>49</sup>
---

## 2017

### Separation and Its Discontents: Toward an Evolutionary Theory of Anti-Semitism
Kevin MacDonald
> [2017-09-15] Kindle
> ASIN: B00HPBZZCA


### Don't Just Roll The Dice - A usefully short guide to software pricing
Neil Davidson
> [2017-08-22] Kindle
> ASIN: B003XVYKRW


### Как преодолеть кризисы, или Психология современного школьника
Чуднявцев Сергей
> [2017-08-06] 


### The Silent Oligarch
Christopher Morgan Jones
> [2017-08-04] ASIN: B005ERIRWM


### Война в Арктике. 1941—1945
Корякин Владислав
> [2017-07-15] ISBN: 978-5-4444-8419-7


### Книга для родителей
Макаренко Антон Семенович
> [2017-07-05] 


### Grit: The Power of Passion and Perseverance
Angela Duckworth
> [2017-06-30] ASIN: B019CGY2ZG


### Летоисчисление от Иоанна
Иванов Алексей
> [2017-06-27] 


### State of Fear
Michael Crichton
> [2017-06-25] ASIN: B000FC2NQW


### Buying and Selling Volatility (Frontiers in Finance Series)
Kevin B. Connolly
> [2017-06-10] ASIN: B001CJW7ZY


### The Culture of Critique: An Evolutionary Analysis of Jewish Involvement in Twentieth-Century Intellectual and Political Movements
Kevin MacDonald
> [2017-06-06] ASIN: B00BA5AAPY


### Китаец
Колесов Евгений
> [2017-05-21] Литрес ISBN: 978-5-699-94067-7


### Quantitative Finance For Dummies
Steve Bell
> [2017-05-01] ASIN: B01GXZUXPC


### Десантно-штурмовая бригада. Непридуманный Афган
Шейнин Артем
> [2017-03-21] 


### Сердце Пармы
Иванов Алексей
> [2017-03-19] литрес


### Reich of the Black Sun: Nazi Secret Weapons and the Cold War Allied Legend
Joseph P. Farrell
> [2017-03-01] ASIN: B00F55BWBG


### The Sea Wolves: A History of the Vikings
Lars Brownworth
> [2017-02-11] ASIN: B00QJ29DPQ


### Savage Continent: Europe in the Aftermath of World War II
Keith Lowe
> [2017-02-04] ASIN: B006ZL9C8E


### Между Европой и Азией. История Российского государства. Семнадцатый век.
Акунин Борис
> [2017-01-15] ISBN: 978-5-17-082554-7


### Я была на войне
Матвеева Мария Ивановна
> [2017-01-05] http://militera.lib.ru/memo/russian/altunin_at/index.html


### Systematic Trading
Robert Carver
> [2017-01-05] ISBN 9780857194459



## 2016

### Лестница в небо
Хазин Михаил, Щеглов Сергей
> [2016-12-20] 


### Hammer of the Gods: The Thule Society and the Birth of Nazism
David Lurhssen
> [2016-11-27] ASIN: B007MCWHYQ


### Pre-Suasion: A Revolutionary Way to Influence and Persuade
Robert Cialdini
> [2016-10-05] ASIN: B01C36E2YS


### 1924: The Year That Made Hitler
Peter Ross Range
> [2016-09-12] ASIN: B014DUSJ4G


### Гумилев сын Гумилева
Беляков Сергей
> [2016-09-02] ISBN: 978-5-17-077567-5


### Capital
John Lanchester
> [2016-08-09] Kindle ASIN: B0071LQMMG


### Кукловоды Третьего рейха
Шамбаров Валерий
> [2016-08-01] ISBN: 978-5-906817-00-6


### Project Management Absolute Beginner's Guide
Greg Horine
> [2016-07-23] Kindle ASIN: B009R6OY8W


### The Caduceus and the Swastika
Stephen Hacker
> [2016-07-20] Kindle ASIN: B01CGQN8NQ


### Жили-были на войне
Кузнецов Исай
> [2016-07-15] Litres ISBN: 978-5-17-090082-4


### The Secret of Our Success: How Culture Is Driving Human Evolution, Domesticating Our Species, and Making Us Smarter
Joseph Henrich
> [2016-07-11] Kindle ASIN: B00WY4OXAS


### Дожить до рассвета; Сотников; Обелиск; Журавлиный крик; Знак беды (сборник)
Быков Василь
> [2016-07-09] Litres ISBN: 978-5-699-40982-2


### Маги в Кремле, или Оккультные корни Октябрьской революции
Шамбаров Валерий
> [2016-07-02] Litres ISBN: 978-5-4438-0222-0


### Моонзунд 1941. «Русский солдат сражается упорно и храбро…»
Булдыгин Сергей
> [2016-06-22] Litres ISBN: 978-5-699-68271-3


### Algorithmic Trading: Winning Strategies and Their Rationale
Ernie Chan
> [2016-06-21] Kindle ASIN: B00CY5HC0U


### Тень Мазепы. Украинская нация в эпоху Гоголя
Беляков Сергей
> [2016-06-07] Litres ISBN: 978-5-17-095829-0


### Zero Sum (Wall Street Conspiracy Thriller) (Dr. Archer/Cross Book 1)
Russell Blake
> [2016-06-06] Kindle ASIN: B005OAHNZQ


### Понедельник начинается в субботу
Стругацкие Аркадий и Борис
> [2016-05-26] ISBN: 978-5-17-041678-3


### Биржевая торговля. Игра по собственным правилам
Кургузкин Александр
> [2016-05-10] 


### На критических углах
Михайлов Виктор
> [2016-04-30] 


### Microsoft .NET - Architecting Applications for the Enterprise (Developer Reference)
Dino Esposito, Andrea Saltarello
> [2016-04-24] Kindle ASIN: B00N3YID8Q


### Traitor's Gate (Traitors)
Michael Ridpath
> [2016-04-17] Kindle ASIN: B00AUZT2UE


### Artificial Intelligence for Humans, Volume 3: Deep Learning and Neural Networks
Jeff Heaton
> [2016-04-09] Kindle ASIN: B0184WRDEQ


### Тайная опора. Привязанность в жизни ребенка
Петрановская Людмила
> [2016-03-28] литрес, ISBN 978-5-17-084861-4


### The Essential Guide to Digital Signal Processing (Essential Guide Series)
Richard G. Lyons, D. Lee Fugal
> [2016-02-01] Kindle ASIN: B00KCOUE46


### The World America Made
Robert Kagan
> [2016-02-01] Kindle ASIN: B006OI1M36


### Воспоминания о войне
Никулин Николай Николаевич
> [2016-01-31] ISBN 978-5-17-082536-3


### Если с ребенком трудно
Петрановская Людмила
> [2016-01-05] Литрес ISBN: 978-5-17-077879-9
